# bsteeleMusicApp

# Release Notes:

### Contents:

<!-- TOC -->
* [bsteeleMusicApp](#bsteelemusicapp)
* [Release Notes:](#release-notes)
    * [Contents:](#contents)
  * [Release 1.2.6 Beta](#release-126-beta)
    * [Release Date: TBD](#release-date-tbd)
    * [Features](#features)
    * [Fixes Completed](#fixes-completed)
  * [Release 1.2.5](#release-125)
    * [Release Date: April 24, 2023](#release-date-april-24-2023)
    * [Features](#features-1)
    * [Fixes Completed](#fixes-completed-1)
  * [Release 1.2.4](#release-124)
    * [Release Date: April 13, 2023](#release-date-april-13-2023)
    * [Features](#features-2)
    * [Fixes Completed](#fixes-completed-2)
  * [Release 1.2.3](#release-123)
    * [Release Date: Mar 30, 2023](#release-date-mar-30-2023)
    * [Features](#features-3)
    * [Fixes Completed](#fixes-completed-3)
  * [Release 1.2.2](#release-122)
    * [Release Date: Mar 23, 2023](#release-date-mar-23-2023)
    * [Features](#features-4)
    * [Fixes Completed](#fixes-completed-4)
  * [Release 1.2.1](#release-121)
    * [Release Date: Mar 18, 2023](#release-date-mar-18-2023)
    * [Features](#features-5)
    * [Fixes Completed](#fixes-completed-5)
  * [Release 1.2.0](#release-120)
    * [Release Date: Mar 3, 2023](#release-date-mar-3-2023)
    * [Features](#features-6)
  * [Fixes Completed](#fixes-completed-6)
<!-- TOC -->

## Release 1.2.6 Beta

### Release Date: TBD

* Available at: [beta](http://www.bsteele.com/bsteeleMusicApp/beta)

### Features

* Player scrolling moved to autoplay. See the play button tooltip for
  explanation.

### Fix

* scroll alignment
* both nashville with short measure
* row scroll alignment runs out of width

### Fixes Completed

* Overflow in the about screen
* Process data from 7/1/2023
* Vertical alignment of menu items improved, icons still have an issue
* youtube queries should not include the word "cover"! This is generated by
  old songs with "cover by" in their title or artist.
* Player scrolling centered lower on the screen.
* Player scrolling moved to autoplay. See the play button tooltips for explanation.
* "Write All Metadata to CSV": fixed the metadata fields
* Pro Player display adjusted
* About screen overflow fixed
* "Copyright" changed to "Release/Label"

## Release 1.2.5

### Release Date: April 24, 2023

### Features

### Fixes Completed

* Added additional tooltips to the edit screen.
* Deactivated Assisted Edit entry
* fixed undo and redo
* bsteeleMusicAppPi.tgz now has its once missing sha256sum
  on the download page
* Added these release notes about the beta to the beta.
* Visual adjustments to metadata screen

## Release 1.2.4

### Release Date: April 13, 2023

### Features

### Fixes Completed

* Many songs were missing year and decade metadata
* History source entry has moved to the tomcat logs.
  The user will no longer get a "Save" button on the singer screen.
* Adding new singer to today's singer's list automatically on first entry
* If there is no match on the singer's songlist search,
  the guess will now click through to play the song.

## Release 1.2.3

### Release Date: Mar 30, 2023

### Features

* edit web lookups: google, wikipedia, ultimate guitar, musicnotes, azlyrics

### Fixes Completed

* save the last valid song edited; in case recovery is necessary!
  See: Menu, Songs, Edit the last file edited
* added release notes to the release process. See: menu, about, release notes
* Edit save song button present but disabled if no changes or an invalid song input.
* limit chord summary length in pro-edit lyrics entry
* player: more warning about no editing if following in tooltips
* metadata screen: filter for `no` and `any`
* Cannot change/save the username without making other changes
  (that engage the save button).

## Release 1.2.2

### Release Date: Mar 23, 2023

### Features

### Fixes Completed

* lost lyrics on specific screen sizes are no longer lost

## Release 1.2.1

### Release Date: Mar 18, 2023

### Features

### Fixes Completed

* automatic selection of the next singer should be at the top of the new playlist
* options for click in player screen
* add playlist OR operator on multiple metadata, not just the current implied AND

## Release 1.2.0

### Release Date: Mar 3, 2023

### Features

* drum regularity
* Named drum parts attached to songs
* history from tomcat server log

## Fixes Completed

* bsteeleMusicServer update
* count-in drums and indicator on autoplay
* verify/fix auto playback timing and jitter
* Back to player from song preview on YouTube.com, fullscreen button missing
* Improved startup delay based on history. More is required.
* generate Decade, time signature, key, bpm metadata from the song's year... programmatically.
* drums on 2/4, 3/4, 6/8
* drums in the background while in `manual play` mode. That is, things as they typically are now with drums playing but
  not auto advance nor any indication of the current measure. basically a replacement for your foot pedals.
* browser reload on subsequent pages
* find the closest songId for history songs without non-null song
* Beta fails on song title change from history
* Shari UI: the listed key disappears once you are in play mode
* singer mode: no capo!
* re-download canvaskit on staging
* drum: the default volume should be max.
* grab bar on scroll for the song list
* Drum edit preview, with bpm and volume
* In player screen, capo mode can be forgotten inappropriately.
* Metadata list shouldn't scroll after metadata change
* connect player popup volume slider to volume
* A new singer/requester without any songs sung or requested should default to a singer
* followers should never have drum selections




